# Evaluation

Overall my program worked effectively for creating a simple robust tic tac toe game. I used a number of functions within the program to allow efficiency and easy recall of the functions when needed to be implemented later to ensure valid input from users. My program provides 1 or 2 players to play tic tac toe. The program asks the user at the start whether there are 1 or 2 platers. If the user inputs '1', the program starts a game in which one user can play against the computer. If the user inputs '2' the program starts a game in which one user can play against another user. I believe my program relatively straightforward. Whenever the program would output a string, it would be in a simple format, easy for the user to read and understand. In regards to ease of playing the game. The board was arranged in a simple 3x3 matrix format and each tile had a number allocated to it so the user could easily see and choose a number to place their shape in. If a user entered an invalid input into the program, it would be made apparently clear that they have entered an invalid input and would be prompted to enter a valid one. With my thorough testing, there was one fault within my system which was that when all tiles were full but there was no win, the game wouldn't stop. I acknowledged the fault and made a comment of it in my test plan and then went on to resolve this fault. Once the fault was resolved, I retested the same test to see if the problem was resolved, and it was. 
In regards to the quality of my code for programmers, the code is easy and simple to read with each line commented thoroughly providing a description of what that certain line does. The code is built with multiple functions containing bits of code for each scenario which provides efficiency as functions, once defined, can be called easily within the code. The code is easy to be modified as every line is commented to explain the function so others can know what each line does and make changes where they feel necessary.
Within the code, I used a global function to ensure that the score variable was seen throughout the entire code so if the user decided to play another game, the score will be kept updated and wont start from the beginning.
To further improve my program, I believe a GUI would be next to be implemented. A GUI allows clearer user access within the game.
